I'll make some food. Please take care of this shop.
I'll take it.
I accepted it, but I should have stolen it.
My sister is drunk.
I can't sell this medicine.
I can't sell bananas forever.
Hey, you!
You're a big guy.
This is the face.
The heart is in the middle of the face.
You're a liar.
There's a nose in the middle of the face.
Thank you.
There are kind people.
There's a nose in the middle of the face.
There's a mouth under the nose.
There's a jaw under the jaw.
There's a throat under the jaw.
I'm sorry for teaching you.
Don't be a fool.
Be calm.
It's not a banana.
It's a medicine.
There's a lung on the right.
There's a lung on the left.
There's a lung on the back.
There's too much lung.
If there's too much lung,
I'll take it to the hospital.
I'll get a caramels.
I'm sure it's lung treatment.
From the top of the head to the toes of the feet.
There's no place in the body that's needed.
Even the most beautiful woman in Japan,
even the most beautiful woman in Japan,
is a very ugly woman.
What?
You're wrong.
The wrong person lives in an apartment with a woman.
I'm the director of the water purification department.
My heart is beating fast.
You've seen the inside of my lungs.
Inside the lungs,
there's a same-sized male and female walking.
Don't be stupid.
Is there a woman walking?
There's a machine inside my lungs.
I'm tired.
I'm going to lose to you.
You know how I feel.
How much is it?
65,000 yen.
I haven't changed yet.
I'll give you two lunges.
55,000 yen.
I haven't changed yet.
I don't want to change.
I'm a man.
I'll lose to you.
I'll give you 45,000 yen.
I don't want to change.
I finally expressed my true feelings.